Add new configs for full-text indexes (#1672)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration-settings.adoc

|===

> [role=label-new--5.21]

Author: ```suggestion
[role=label--new-5.21]
```

[[config_db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_apply_parallelism]]
=== `db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_apply_parallelism`

.db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_apply_parallelism
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|The number of threads that are applying the queued index updates for eventually consistent full-text indexes.

Reviewer: This also needs to be changed and merged in the codebase before the cut-off on Friday.

> a|The number of threads that are applying the queued index updates for eventually consistent full-text indexes.

Author: ```suggestion
a|The number of threads that are applying to the queued index updates for eventually consistent full-text indexes.
```

|Valid values
a|An integer
|Default value
m|+++1+++
|===

> [role=label-new--5.21]

Author: ```suggestion
[role=label--new-5.21]
```

[[config_db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_interval]]
=== `db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_interval`

.db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_interval
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|How often an eventually consistent full-text index is refreshed (readers are guaranteed to see changes). If set to `0`, refresh is done by the threads applying eventually consistent full-text index updates.

Author: readers or secondaries?

> a|How often an eventually consistent full-text index is refreshed (readers are guaranteed to see changes). If set to `0`, refresh is done by the threads applying eventually consistent full-text index updates.

Author: ```suggestion
a|How often an eventually consistent full-text index is refreshed (changes are guaranteed to be visible). If set to `0`, refresh is done by the threads applying eventually consistent full-text index updates.
```

> a|How often an eventually consistent full-text index will be refreshed (readers guaranteed to see changes). If set to `0` then refresh is done by the threads applying eventually consistent fulltext index updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|How often an eventually consistent full-text index is refreshed (readers are guaranteed to see changes). If set to `0`, refresh is done by the threads applying eventually consistent full-text index updates.
```

(readers are guaranteed to see changes) sounds strange to me for a config description. Who are the readers?

Reviewer: Same here - needs to be merged in the codebase before the cut-off.

|Valid values
a|Duration
|Default value
m|+++0s+++
|===

> [role=label-new--5.21]

Author: ```suggestion
[role=label--new-5.21]
```

[[config_db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_parallelism]]
=== `db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_parallelism`

.db.index.fulltext.eventually_consistent_refresh_parallelism
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|The number of threads that can do full-text index refresh in parallel, basically how many eventually consistent full-text indexes can be refreshed in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|The number of threads that can do full-text index refresh in parallel, i.e. the number of eventually consistent full-text indexes that can be refreshed in parallel.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps we can just use the second sentence.

Same here - needs to be merged in the codebase before the cut-off.
